Don't worry about Jerry, he's gonna be fine.
You hear me Jerry? You're gonna be fine!
Whoa!
Ooh, watch out for that stuff.
It'll stain if it gets on your clothes,
and it'll send you into a murderous rage
if it gets in your eyes or mouth.
Why would you keep muting bacteria
in a pint of cherry Garcia?
I know this isn't the time,
but you know, technically the second freezer drawer is mine.
Not anymore.
You're overreacting.
We're losing him.
Alright, fine, but you're not touching my crisper.
If you're going to die!
Don't worry, Dr. Glifglop is the best in the galaxy.
Hello, I'm Dr. Glifglop.
Oh my god! Oh my god!
What? Every hospital claims to have the best doctor in the galaxy.
It's like those pizza places that claim to have the best pizza in the world.
What do you think they have? Pizza contest?
Have you ever been to a pizza contest?
Go in the waiting room, dad!
Fine.
Excuse me. Coming through.
What are you here for? Just kidding, I don't care.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Well, this won't do.
Hey, what are you doing?
A sequel.
I don't understand.
Yeah, me neither.
We pretty much nailed it the first time.
Man versus car.
The newest hit show where it pits a man versus a car.
On tonight's episode, Michael Jenkins fights a regular old car.
Here we go.
He's pushing his way through.
He's trying to fight that car, but the car seems to have it out of her hand.
Oh, he's got a little bit of push back there.
Oh no, he just got ran over and chewed up by the tires.
I guess that's another one for the cars.
I mean, when the car is always in there.
I'm the eye hole, man.
I'm the only one that's allowed to have eye holes.
Get up out of here with my eye holes.
Eye holes.
Get them today, Ikea.
You got to be careful, Morty.
If that guy catches you with the box of his eye holes,
he comes bursting in through a window and just starts kicking the shit out of you.
But it's worth the risk.
They melt in your mouth, Morty.
They're delicious.
Dad, I can't believe you're explaining alien cereal.
We're worried about Jerry.
Well, you're 39 years too late.
Or, you know, however old he is.
Is he 50?
Jesus Christ, Beth, is Jerry 50?
Where am I?
Relax, Mr. Smith.
You're in an alien hospital.
I mean, to you it's an alien hospital.
To me, you're just in a hospital.
There's another matter we need to discuss with you.
Okay.
An hour ago, Shreembley Pipples,
the galaxy's most influential civil rights leader,
was brought to this hospital's emergency room
where he is currently fighting for his life.
My God.
Mr. Smith, Shreembley Pipples' life can be saved
if we replace his heart with your human penis.
I see.
Wait, what?
It's perfect.
The configuration of veins, the ratio of thickness to elasticity,
the delicate asymmetry of what you call your balls,
and with relatively few adjustments,
your genitals can be molded into a functioning heart
for the most important man in the universe.
Yeah, but...
I mean...
Don't forget it.
I told you this was a waste of time.
Have respect, Yar.
The Earthman's world is tiny and undeveloped.
He knows nothing of the genocides of Chlorogon,
or the tragic events of 65.3432.2314.
And even if he did, he wouldn't comprehend them.
I've dwelt among the humans.
Their entire culture is built around their penises.
It's funny to say they're small.
It's funny to say they're big.
I've been at parties where humans have held bottles, pencils,
thermoses in front of themselves,
and called out,
Hey, look at me.
I'm Mr. So-and-So Dick.
I've got such and such for a penis.
I never saw it fail to get a laugh.
All right, that's enough.
You guys are talking about my species.
We understand genocide.
We do it sometimes.
Then you would give you penis,
so that shrimply pebbles might live?
Stop asking!
Yes, I will.
That's right, assholes.
Take my penis.
Take it all!
And tell shrimply pebbles
that when the galaxy came calling,
Jerry Smith from Earth didn't flinch.
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Hey, what's wrong, Morty?
Oh, you're worried about your dad, huh?
Huh?
No, no, no.
I'm just looking at that lady over there getting coffee.
What's up with her face?
Is she a human, or is she like Wharf?
You know Wharf from Star Trek,
how he has all that shit all over his face?
But he's just a human in a costume, you know?
Morty, let's see what else is on, huh?
Okay.
And now we're back to how did I get here?
The only show that makes you ask yourself,
how did I get here?
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Here's our first person.
Oh, oh my God.
How did I get here?
Hello?
Somebody help me please!
All right.
Holy crap!
Look, it's that lady with the shit on her face
like Wharf from Star Trek that was getting coffee.
How did she get there?
Oh my God, Morty, how did she get there?
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Is that something we should be concerned about?
Just stay away from the coffee machine.
Calling all Gen Michael Vincenze!
In a world where there's eight Gen Michael Vincenze.
We need one Gen Michael Vincenze to Quadrant C.
We need two Gen Michael Vincenze to Quadrant E.
And 16 Quadrants.
There's only enough time for a Gen Michael Vincenze
to make it to a Quadrant.
He can't be a two Quadrants at once.
Hey Rick, who is Gen Michael Vincenze?
Oh man, I'm trying to remember Morty.
Gen Michael Vincenze are used up.
I didn't goddamn Gen Michael Vincenze!
Is it important that we know who Gen Michael Vincenze was
in order to get this?
Nope.
I refuse to sign the legislation that allows more than
eight Gen Michael Vincenze to his precinct.
This Genuary,
it's time to Michael down your Vincenze.
Gen Quadrant Vincenze, 16.
Whoa, that's Gen Michael's.
Excuse me nurse, can you take my temperature?
Because I think I have Gen Quadrant Vincenze fever over here.
Ha ha, Rick Morty, you done it.
So we'll be detaching your sexual organ at the base
by making incisions here, here, and here.
Got it.
Leaving a partial length of severed urethra to be threaded through a...
Ha ha ha, oh you know what, I gotta laugh at myself here.
I'm having a little laugh at myself because I just realized
I haven't run this whole decision past my wife.
Oh, do you think she'll be okay with this?
Oh, absolutely.
That is automatically on board always with every decision I make.
Hey, I'm Steely.
Follow me and my adventure through this office.
Alright, here we go.
We're gonna just steal a couple of things.
Excuse me, can I help you?
Starting with common office objects.
Hey, hey, hey, that's my stuff.
Such as staplers and pants and all sorts of things like such as that.
That's it, I'm calling security.
But no!
Alright, okay, now we're in the quiet safe room
where none of the people whose stuff I stole can get to us.
Now let's look at all the stuff we got.
We got a bag of bobbish, that's eight rapples.
We got a plumbus, that's six and a half rapples.
We got a crushed red party cups, 15 and a half rapples.
Welcome back to Funny Songs.
It's all improvised, it's very funny.
I need to volunteer from the audience.
Long time fan of the show.
What do you do?
What's your profession?
I am a tax attorney.
Okay, here we go. Hit the music.
I'm a tax attorney, oh geez, so forget about everybody else.
Forget about Jesus Christ.
Forget about Muhammad.
Forget about all those religions.
Ba-da-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
The end.
Oh my God, that was so so funny, thank you.
You're welcome. Hey, security guards, take him out.
Get him out of here.
What?
Get the orthodontist out of here.
Oh no, why?
Take him out of this audience, kill him.
Sick of him.
Demons.
Suck his life out.
I don't give a shit.
Smith family?
Yes.
I wanted to let you all know that Jerry is doing just fine.
Yay!
Hold it, it's the news.
But Mrs. Smith, could you come with me?
Hi, honey, so here's the thing.
These guys, they want to completely remove my penis and use it as an alien's heart,
and we just need you to sign off on it.
What?
Uh-oh, maybe we got a problem here after all, guys.
Yikes.
His penis will be replaced with a sophisticated prosthetic.
And now there's a wide range of options to choose from.
They're all in this catalog.
I don't care about prosthetics, this is insane.
What do you people think you're doing?
I understand your feelings, Mrs. Smith.
Oh, I don't think you do.
I bring my husband in for emergency treatment.
He's gone an hour, and now you want his penis, and you hand me some catalog.
It's, I mean...
Well, there you go.
Sorry, I know it's hard to understand, but on Earth, love comes first.
There are those that believe, Mr. Smith, that shrumply pittles represents love between all life.
His fate will determine the fate of hundreds of billions of sentient life forms.
Whoa.
Whoa, so billions of life forms.
Hundreds of billions.
I mean, Jerry, you didn't explain the full gravity of the situation.
Uh, well, Beth, I don't think your decision should be based on politics.
Who could argue with a wife's decision to keep her lover intact?
Well, I don't think that's fair at all, Jerry.
At all.
In fact, the whole paradigm has sexist overtones.
Beth, can we talk about this privately?
I think the bottom line is, Jerry, if you want to keep your penis, you should say out loud,
I prefer to keep my penis.
But Beth, what kind of man would say something like that if the universe needed his penis?
Well, Jerry, what kind of wife would I be if I did anything to stand in your way?
Hey, listen.
Is your mouth tiny and small?
Then why don't you come down a little bit?
Little bit.
Wait, where the food is tiny?
It looks like regular food, but really tiny.
You put it in your mouth and eat it.
Nothing gets stuck in your lips.
It's just tiny and tiny and fits right in.
Little bit.
We got tiny of lasagna, tiny pizza, tiny pie, little tiny fried eggs.
Oh, shit.
We got tiny people.
Little bit.
You hungry?
Come on down.
Little bit.
Eat some shit, you stupid bitch.
Just kidding.
You've got some time to kill before the procedure, so I assume you'd like to use your penis one last time.
Here's my computer.
It's got the alien internet on it.
There's some porn.
And there's an alien towel.
I actually got that on another planet, so it is an alien towel to me.
Good luck.
Thanks.
What is this?
Hmm.
Hey, wait a minute.
Oh, Mr. Smith?
Oh, yeah, just masturbating.
I forgot to mention there are extensive medical records open on my desktop,
but I trust you to confine your activities to the purely pornographic.
Absolutely.
Good luck.
My God.
Mr. Pibbles, you just wrote my penis on one way ticket to staying on my body town.
It's the opposite news with Michael Thompson.
Hey, everybody.
It's me, Michael Thompson.
Today, the Pope didn't get killed.
He's perfectly fine, and he's on vacation in Aruba.
In other opposite news information.
Hey, Rick, what's the deal with this guy?
Well, why is his body, like, sloping off to the right side of the screen like that?
I don't know, Morty.
Let's see what else is on, huh?
Hey, welcome to Cooking Things.
I'm Pichl Thompson.
Hey, wait a minute, Rick.
This guy's body is, like, sloping down and leaning off to screen left.
Oh, my God, and his name's Pichl.
I'm cooking a little bit of this.
I'm going to cook a little bit of that.
Oh, hey, stop tugging, Michael.
Oh, my God.
Siamese twins, there's Siamese twins.
You quit tugging.
I'm in the middle of my news.
Oh, it's always about you, isn't it?
Can you believe this guy, ladies and gentlemen?
He's got his own new show.
He's got a normal name.
He flip back to the news.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can tell our parents started naming with him.
It's like, oh, Michael, they had that one planned before they even got pregnant, I bet.
I don't want to be that girl, but maybe there would be less conflict if they didn't shoot their shows at the same time.
Oh, Summer, you have no idea how much money that must save production.
And then they found out I was attached along for the ride, and they said, ah, shit.
Well, just f*** it.
Call him Pichl.
F*** you, Pichl.
You're a f*** piece of shit.
Good afternoon.
I know all of you are wondering about the condition of our dear, beloved Pibbles.
Which would you prefer between the XP-20 and the XP-20XS?
I'd prefer my own penis, and so should you.
The brave Earthman whose sacrifice is going to allow Shryptly Pibbles to live, Mr. Jerry Smith.
Hello, everyone.
Let's hear it again for Shryptly Pibbles, huh?
He's a good guy, isn't he?
I've only just been learning about his accomplishments from his march on Flirt Blurk Square to his ongoing battle with heroin dependency.
He's the best.
Um, yeah.
Well, it occurs to me that his heroin addiction may not have been a matter of public record.
You realize heroin makes up 10% of the atmosphere on Shryptly Pibbles' own planet?
His planet was destroyed by Clark and Death Squads.
He can't live outside of it without breathing heroin.
Hey, I know that.
I just think this guy's trying to get out of giving away his penis.
Today on How They Do It, Plumbuses.
Everyone has a plumbus in their home.
First, they take the dinglebop and they smooth it out with a bunch of shleem.
The shleem is then repurposed for later batches.
They take the dinglebop and they push it through the grumbau where the fleab and the flea are.
It's important that the flea is rubbed because the flea has all of the flea juice.
Then a shlomi shows up and he rubs it and spits on it.
They cut the flea.
There's several hazards in the way.
The blamps rub against the trombones and the plumbus and grumbau are shaved away.
That leaves you with a wreck.
I was wondering how plumbuses got me.
Hey, welcome back to Personal Space.
I'm your host, Philip Jacobs, and let me tell you I care about my personal space.
Whoa, whoa!
Hey, who's around me right now?
Who's around me?
Now, why don't we step up here and everybody gets stepped up and let's get some stepped up.
Personal space up in this place.
Here we go.
We get a one personal space, two personal space, three.
Stay out of my personal space, four.
Keep away from my personal space, five.
Get out of that personal space, six.
Stay away from my personal space, seven.
Keep away from that personal space, eight.
Personal space, seven.
Seven.
Keep away from that personal space, eight.
Personal space, nine.
Personal space.
You know, I take personal space pretty seriously up to the point that I don't even care about this.
I'm not even interested in having this skin on my personal space.
Oh my god.
Oh, it hurts.
Gross!
What an asshole.
Oh, tune in next week to the best show ever, the show we all grew in love, the Personal Space Show.
More personal space next Tuesday at eight.
Up next, the heat is turning up with Samantha and the boys on the North Siders.
Gobble, go, go.
Gobble, go, go, go, go.
Gobble, go, go, go.
Gobble, go, go.
Hmm, got it, got it, got it.
Yeah, got it, got it.
Yeah, got it, got it, got it, got it.
If you could all just stop screaming and chanting
and making whatever that gesture means.
Come on, please, everyone.
I have news about Shrimply Pibbles.
Word of Jerry Smith trying to easel out of his penis donation
has spread across the galaxy.
Beings everywhere have come together
to offer what little they have to help save Shrimply's life.
Enough to pay for a brand new state-of-the-art synthetic heart
that will be even better than Mr. Smith's pathetic penis.
Wait, that was an option the whole time?
You guys suck!
Yeah, we suck. Are you still here?
Okay, Jerry, let's head home.
I can't leave now. Everyone hates me.
Unfortunately, there's no surgical procedure that can fix that.
Or is there...
Scalpel. Scalpel.
Nanodoctor. Nanodoctor.
Nanoscalpel. Nanoscalpel.
Okay, we're ready.
Not so fast, Mr. Smith!
What are you doing? Are you insane?
I'm a good person, and I demand that you cut off my penis
and put it in that man's chest.
That's not how it works!
What you're gonna make it work?
I'm octopus man!
I'm a marine biologist who was bitten by an octopus!
And now I help people, I save people!
I'm a troublesome octopus person.
Uh-oh, I gotta save some trouble,
because here comes a trouble, mate.
Gross! Does all interdimensional TV have to rely on juvenile violence?
Well, Summer, maybe people that create a lot of stuff
are concerned with your delicate sensibilities, you know?
Maybe the species that communicate with each other through the filter of your comfort
are less of all than the ones that just communicate.
Maybe your problems are your own to deal with,
and maybe the public giving a shit about your feelings is a one-way ticket to extinction!
Geez, Morty, I take it Catherine Heffelfinger hasn't texted you back yet.
I don't want to talk about it.
Okay, guys, let's go home. Where's Dad?
Breaking news.
Shrimply Pibbles is being held hostage by the human known as Jerry Smith.
Remove my penis!
It's cool, it's fine. It's gotta be from an alternate reality, right?
Are you sure?
I don't know.
Do it! Do it! Remove my penis!
Sir, put the gun down and step away from Mr. Pibbles!
Jerry!
Dad, what are you doing?
I'm a good person! I'm a good person!
Where did he get a gun? Who gave him a gun?
That's not a gun. That's the XP-20XS.
No!
Oh my god!
I'm a good person!
No! No!
Hey, how's it going?
This is my butthole ice cream parlor.
I got all kinds of ice cream.
Peanut butter and jelly.
Vanilla.
Chocolate.
And every flavor served out of a butthole.
Just like your back home.
Dad!
What happened?
Where am I?
Was it all a dream?
No, you were shot like 50 times.
57. Thankfully you're in a super sophisticated alien hospital,
so it was basically like getting a splinter removed.
All I wanted was for everyone to like me.
Jerry, remember that time you left a comment underneath that YouTube video
when someone replied and called you a dumbass
so you replied and told them it takes one to know one
and then you stayed up all night having refresh on your browser
and you were waiting for them to reply
and then you fell asleep crying?
I remember it differently.
This is like that.
You can't make people like you.
You just have to wait for hating you to bore them.
You're right.
It shouldn't be motivated by other people's opinions of me.
All right guys, let's go home.
If it's all the same to you, Rick,
I'd like to go to the zoo with my family.
What? What are you talking about?
I don't know what you're doing.
It's a zoo, but I'm here.
What's the matter with you?
Hey, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We'll go home.
What the hell is he talking about?
I'm sorry.
What is going on?
Give me my eye-hose!
They're putting a cut on his mind, Jeremy.
Hey, please!
Can't you come out of here with my eye-hose?
It's a good show!